README.md, before:

# Vuetify Landing Page Template

#### This is an example of a landing page built with vue and vuetify.


## 🚀 Project setup

Use [git](https://git-scm.com/) to clone the project.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Joabsonlg/vuetify-landing-page.git
```
Enter the project.
```bash
cd vuetify-landing-page
```
Use [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) to install dependencies.
```bash
npm i
```


## ☄️ Usage

Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```bash
npm run serve
```

Compiles and minifies for production
```bash
npm run build
```

### 🛠️ Technologies

The following tools were used in the construction of the project:

- [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/)
- [Vuetify.js](https://vuetifyjs.com/)
- [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/)

## ⚖️ Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

## 👷‍♂️ Author
<a href="https://github.com/Joabsonlg">
 <img style="border-radius: 50%;" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/41306493?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
 <br />
 <sub><b>Joabson Arley</b></sub></a> <a href="https://github.com/Joabsonlg" title="Github">🚀</a>

[![Gmail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-joabsonlg918@gmail.com-c14438?style=flat-square&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white&link=mailto:joabsonlg918@gmail.com)](mailto:joabsonlg918@gmail.com)

## 🔑 License
[MIT](https://github.com/Joabsonlg/vuetify-landing-page/blob/master/LICENSE)

Commit message:

add docker file and rewrite to readme

README.md, after:

# Vuetify Landing Page Template

#### This is an example of a landing page built with vue and vuetify.

## Requirements

- node version: v10.24.1
- npm version: 6.14.12

## 🚀 Project setup

Use [git](https://git-scm.com/) to clone the project.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Joabsonlg/vuetify-landing-page.git
```
Enter the project.
```bash
cd vuetify-landing-page
```
Use [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) to install dependencies.
```bash
npm i
```


## ☄️ Usage

Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```bash
npm run serve
```

Compiles and minifies for production
```bash
npm run build
```

## Build with product


Run with docker

```bash
docker-compose up
```

Access [http://localhost:8080/](http://localhost:8080/) to demo.

### 🛠️ Technologies

The following tools were used in the construction of the project:

- [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/)
- [Vuetify.js](https://vuetifyjs.com/)
- [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/)

## ⚖️ Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

## 👷‍♂️ Author
<a href="https://github.com/Joabsonlg">
 <img style="border-radius: 50%;" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/41306493?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
 <br />
 <sub><b>Joabson Arley</b></sub></a> <a href="https://github.com/Joabsonlg" title="Github">🚀</a>

[![Gmail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-joabsonlg918@gmail.com-c14438?style=flat-square&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white&link=mailto:joabsonlg918@gmail.com)](mailto:joabsonlg918@gmail.com)

## 🔑 License
[MIT](https://github.com/Joabsonlg/vuetify-landing-page/blob/master/LICENSE)
